Who is your best friend?
Who is, es lo mismo que who is, solo que contraído.
Who is, es lo mismo que who is, solo que
está contraído, ok?
Entonces, for example, who is your best
friend? ¿
Quién es tu mejor amigo?
Ojo con, decimos friend, ahí no hay una
i, listo?
Ojo con friend, no es friend, es friend, ok?
Say it with me, who is your best friend?
Pretty good, excellent, again, who is
your best friend?
Pretty good, nice, nice. ¿
Quién es tu mejor amigo?
Puedes responder, my best friend is, mi
mejor amigo es, y dices lo que quieras, ok?
Example, say it with me, dilo conmigo, my
best friend is my cousin Sarah, you,
dilo, very good, excellent, mi mejor
amiga es mi prima Sarah, otra vez, my
best friend is my cousin Sarah, pretty
good, excellent.